You know, there’s a million fine looking women in the world, dude. But they don’t all bring you lasagna at work. Most of ’em just cheat on you.
Oh yes, the past can hurt. But you can either run from it, or learn from it.
If you're good at something, never do it for free.
You should never underestimate the predictability of stupidity.
Many that live deserve death. And some that die deserve life. Can you give it to them? Then do not be too eager to deal out death in judgement.
Fuck you, pay me.
Life moves pretty fast. If you don't stop and look around once in a while, you could miss it.
You are too concerned about what was and what will be. There is a saying: yesterday is history, tomorrow is a mystery, but today is a gift. That is why it is called the "present."
Hate is baggage. Life is too short to be pissed off all the time. It's just not worth it.
The difference between genius and insanity is measured by success.
Sticking feathers up your butt does not make you a chicken.
Do or do not, there is no try.
I'll tell you a secret. Something they don't teach you in your temple. The Gods envy us. They envy us because we're mortal, because any moment might be our last. Everything is more beautiful because we're doomed. You will never be lovelier than you are now. We will never be here again.
It comes down to a simple choice really... Get busy living or get busy dying.
See that person staring back at you? That's your biggest opponent.
As long as you are talking, you're not listening.
You got a dream... You gotta protect it. People can't do somethin' themselves, they wanna tell you you can't do it. If you want somethin', go get it. Period.
We do have a lot in common. The same air, the same Earth, the same sky. Maybe if we started looking at what's the same instead of always looking at what's different ...well, who knows?
There is a difference between knowing the path, and walking the path.
1,500 years ago, everybody knew that the Earth was the center of the universe. 500 years ago, everybody knew that the Earth was flat. And 15 minutes ago, you knew that humans were alone on this planet. Imagine what you'll know tomorrow.
A person is smart; people are dumb.
I know what I have to do now. I gotta keep breathing. Because tomorrow the sun will rise. Who knows what the tide could bring?
Be excellent to each other. And... PARTY ON, DUDES!
The mind is the only weapon that doesn't need a holster.
I always use an after shave lotion with little or no alcohol, because alcohol dries your face out and makes you look older.
You win some, you lose some, but you live...you live to fight another day.
Three things to remember when you get older: never pass up a bathroom, never waste a hard-on, and never trust a fart.
The things you own end up owning you.
You are what you love, not what loves you.
The only thing standing between you and your goal is the bullshit story you keep telling yourself as to why you can't achieve it.
It's only a big deal if you make it a big deal.
A life. Do you know what that is? It's the shit that happens while you wait for moments that never come.
When it feels scary to jump, that is exactly when you jump.
Advertising has us chasing cars and clothes, working jobs we hate so we can buy shit we don't need.
Just taaaaap it in. Just taaaaap it in. Give it a little tappy. Tap-tap-taparoo.
Sometimes you gotta say what the fuck, make your move.
Of course it's hard. It's supposed to be hard. The hard is what makes it great.
You know what your problem is? You don't watch enough movies. All of life's questions are answered in the movies.
Don't shit where you eat.
Lemme tell you the first rule of politics; Always know if the juice is worth the squeeze.
Coffee is for closers.
Who says life is fair? Where is that written?
Life is pain, anyone who says differently is selling something.
You are not your job, you're not how much money you have in the bank. You are not the car you drive. You're not the contents of your wallet. You are not your fucking khakis. You are all singing, all dancing crap of the world.
Life is hard, but it's harder if you're stupid.
You're capable of such beautiful dreams, and such horrible nightmares. You feel so lost, so cut off, so alone, only you're not. See, in all our searching, the only thing we've found that makes the emptiness bearable, is each other.
Sometimes you're flush and sometimes you're bust, and when you're up, it's never as good as it seems, and when you're down, you never think you'll be up again, but life goes on.
With great power comes great responsibility.
Sweep the leg
If you can dodge a wrench you can dodge a ball.
It's not about how hard you can get hit, it's about how hard you can get hit and keep moving forward.
Always. Be. Closing.
Sometimes life is like a box of chocolates. You never know what you're gonna get.
Sometimes you eat the box of chocolates. Sometimes the box of chocolates eats you.
Fuck it dude, let's go bowling.
Fear causes hesitation, and hesitation will cause your worst fears to come true.
I have no fear, for fear is the little death that kills me over and over. Without fear, I die but once.
I must not fear. Fear is the mind-killer. Fear is the little-death that brings total obliteration. I will face my fear. I will permit it to pass over me and through me. And when it has gone past, I will turn the inner eye to see its path. Where the fear has gone there will be nothing. Only I will remain.
Don't forget to breathe.
If you're gonna be dumb, then you gotta be tough.
Stop talking about love. Every asshole in the world says he loves somebody. It means nothing. It still doesn't mean anything. What you feel only matters to you. It's what you do to the people you say you love, that's what matters. It's the only thing that counts.
There are three rules that I live by: never get less than twelve hours sleep; never play cards with a guy who has the same first name as a city; and never get involved with a woman with a tattoo of a dagger on her body. Now you stick to that, and everything else is cream cheese.
Worrying is like a rocking chair, it gives you something to do but it doesn't get you anywhere.
If you ain't first, you're last!
Calling someone fat doesn’t make you any skinnier. Calling someone stupid doesn't make you any smarter. All you can do in life is try and solve the problem in front of you.
Forgiveness is divine, but never pay full price for late pizza.
Who's the more foolish, the fool or the fool who follows him?
We except the love we think we deserve.
Good. Bad. I'm the guy with the gun.
If someone asks you if you're a god, you say YES!
You know who's going to inherit the earth? Arms dealers. Because everyone else is too busy killing each other. That's the secret to survival. Never go to war, especially with yourself.
Unless someone like you cares an awful lot about something, nothing is going to change... It's not.
Making money isn't hard to do, if all you want to do is make money.
We all have it coming.
The greatest thing you'll ever learn is just to love and be loved in return.
The only true currency in this bankrupt world is what you share with someone else when you're uncool.
Your focus determines your reality.
Unleaded tastes a little tangy. Supreme is kinda sour, and diesel tastes pretty good.