The Labrador Retriever has been on the AKC’s top 10 most popular breeds list for longer than any other breed.
A dog’s nose print is unique, much like a person’s fingerprint.
Forty-five percent of U.S. dogs sleep in their owner’s beds.
Speaking of sleeping … all dogs dream, but puppies and senior dogs dream more frequently than adult dogs.
Seventy percent of people sign their dog’s name on their holiday cards.
A dog’s sense of smell is legendary, but did you know that their nose has as many as 300 million receptors? In comparison, a human nose has about 5 million.
Rin Tin Tin, the famous German Shepherd Dog, was nominated for an Academy Award.
Dogs’ noses can sense heat and thermal radiation, which explains why blind or deaf dogs can still hunt.
The French Bulldog was first named the most popular breed in 2022.
The name Collie means “black.” (Collies once tended black-faced sheep.)
Yawning is contagious — even for dogs. Research shows that the sound of a human yawn can trigger one from your dog. And it’s four times as likely to happen when it’s the yawn of a person your pet knows.
The Dandie Dinmont Terrier is the only breed named for a fictional person, a character in the novel “Guy Mannering” by Sir Walter Scott.
Dogs curl up in a ball when sleeping to protect their organs — a holdover from their days in the wild, when they were vulnerable to predator attacks.
The Basenji is not technically “barkless,” as many people think. They can yodel.
The Australian Shepherd is not actually from Australia. In fact, they are an American breed.
The Labrador Retriever is originally from Newfoundland.
Human blood pressure goes down when petting a dog. And so does the dog’s.
There are over 75 million pet dogs in the U.S. — more than in any other country.
A person who hunts with a Beagle is known as a “Beagler.”
Dogs are not color-blind. They can see blue and yellow.
All puppies are born deaf.
Dalmatians are born completely white. They develop their spots as they get older.
Dogs have about 1,700 taste buds. We humans have between 2,000 and 10,000.
When dogs kick backward after they go to the bathroom, it’s not to cover it up, but to mark their territory, using the scent glands in their feet.
A study shows that dogs are among a small group of animals who show voluntary unselfish kindness towards others without any reward.
The Norwegian Lundehund is the only dog breed created for the job of puffin hunting.
Greyhounds can beat cheetahs in a race. While cheetahs can run twice as fast as Greyhounds, they can only maintain that 70 mph speed for about thirty seconds. A Greyhound can maintain a 35 mph speed for about seven miles. The cheetah may start out first, but the Greyhound would soon overtake them.
The Bloodhound’s sense of smell is so accurate that the results of its tracking can be used as evidence in a court of law.
According to Guinness World Records, a Great Dane named Zeus is the world’s tallest male dog. Zeus is 3 feet, 5.18 inches tall.
According to Guinness World Records, the shortest dog ever recorded was Pearl the Chihuahua. She measures 3.59 inches tall.
Puppies love games such as hide and seek! Hide and call their name so they can try to find you.
Some dogs can learn more than 1,000 words.
Big, happy “helicopter” tail wagging is one sign of a really nice dog. 
Upright, stiff, rapid tail movement is not wagging or “friendly” but indicates a dog who’s rather excited and focused. 
Puppies grow to half their body weight in the first four to five months! 
Puppies then take a year or more to gain the other half of their body weight. 
Puppies can sleep 18 to 20 hours a day during that rapid body growth phase. 
Dogs sometimes appear to smile — much like humans — with open mouth grinning. This may indicate a relaxed, submissive state. 
Tired puppies get cranky just like little kids. If you have a fussy puppy, try nap time. 
The fastest breed, the Greyhound, can run up to 46 miles per hour. 
Perky-eared dogs hear sounds better than floppy-eared dogs. 
There are about 400 million dogs in the world.
The Labrador Retriever is the most popular breed, according to the American Kennel Club. 
Dogs have dreams. 
The average dog lives 10 to 14 years. 
In general, smaller breeds live longer than larger breeds. 
The world’s oldest breed, the Saluki, originated in Egypt around 329 B.C.
According to a study shared by Cornell University, dogs were domesticated between 9,000 and 34,000 years ago. 
Thomas Jefferson helped enact a dog tax in Virginia, because he was annoyed that dogs were killing his sheep. 
Stroking dogs and gazing into their eyes releases the “feel good” hormone oxytocin for both people and dogs. 
Dogs are omnivores — they eat meat, grains and vegetables. 
The heaviest breed, the Mastiff, weighs about 200 pounds. 
More than half of all U.S. presidents have owned dogs. 
President Calvin Coolidge owned at least a dozen dogs. 
Just like human fingerprints, no two dogs’ nose prints are alike. 
At about six inches, the Chihuahua is the shortest breed.
Irish Wolfhounds, the tallest breed, are 30 to 35 inches tall.
A Russian dog named Laika was the first animal in space, traveling around Earth in 1957. 
Dogs who bark the most: Beagles, Chihuahuas, Miniature Schnauzers, Yorkshire Terriers, Pomeranians and West Highland White Terriers 
Puppies have 28 teeth and adult dogs have 42. 
The best age to bring a puppy home is 6 to 12-to-14 weeks. 
Dogs can see best at dawn and dusk. 
Dogs aren’t colorblind but their eyes don’t have receptors for red. They see in shades of black and white and also in shades of blue and yellow. 
New puppies have heat sensors in their noses to help find their moms while their eyes and ears are closed.
A dog’s sense of smell is reduced by up to 40 percent when he’s overheated and panting. 
Dogs have 1,700 taste buds, compared to humans’ 9,000. 
Bichons, Portuguese Water Dogs, Kerry Blue Terriers, Maltese and Poodles are among some of the best choices for people with allergies since they shed less than other breeds. 
About 69 million households in the U.S. have a dog. 
The average number of puppies in a litter is about five. 
There are nearly 3,500 brick and mortar animal shelters in the U.S.
Service dogs are recognized in the U.S. as “necessary medical equipment.”
Therapy dogs, who bring healing to individuals and families by visiting hospitals, schools or retirement homes, differ from service dogs who assist individuals who have disabilities.
The Newfoundland has a water-resistant coat and webbed feet. 
As Disney’s Cruella De Vil was aware, Dalmatian puppies are born pure white and develop spots as they grow older. 
Dogs sweat through the pads of their feet. 
Dogs have three eyelids, including one to keep their eyes moist and protected. 
Chow Chows are born with pink tongues, which turn blue-black at eight to 10 weeks. 
Dogs are pack animals — they don’t enjoy being alone. 
In ancient China, people kept warm by putting dogs up their sleeves. 
Dogs who have been spayed or neutered live longer than intact dogs. 
A bloodhound named Tigger holds the record for the longest ears, each measuring more than 13 inches. 
Bingo is the name of the dog on the box of Cracker Jacks. 
In 1969, Lassie was the first animal inducted into the Animal Hall of Fame. 
The Alaskan Malamute can withstand temperatures as low as 70 degrees below zero. 
Petting a dog can lower your blood pressure.
Stray dogs in Moscow have learned to ride the subway to find food. 
Over half of dog owners include their dogs in annual holiday photos. 
Although it was once illegal to keep dogs as pets in Iceland’s capital city, the laws have been relaxed.
President Lyndon Johnson’s Beagles were named Him and Her. 
One unspayed female dog, her mate and their puppies can produce 67,000 puppies in six years. 
The Basenji is the only barkless dog. 
Dogs are direct descendants of wolves. 
Puppies are blind, deaf and toothless when born. 
Dogs curl up to keep themselves warm and protect vital organs. 
A dog’s sense of smell is 10,000 times stronger than a human’s. 
The Norwegian Lundehund is the only dog with six toes on each foot. 
Dogs can get jealous when their humans display affection toward someone or something else. 
Dogs can be trained to detect cancer and other diseases in humans. 
A dog’s whiskers are used as sensing devices. 
Three of the 12 dogs on the Titanic survived. 
There are about 10,000 dogs everyday in Amazon’s headquarters in Seattle. 
The U.S. has the highest dog population per capita in the world. 
Rin Tin Tin was the first Hollywood dog star. 
A dog’s average body temperature is between 101 to 102.5 degrees. 
Many foot disorders in dogs are caused by long toenails. 
The Boy Scouts and Girl Scouts both offer merit badges in dog care. 
The Bracco Italiano is the newest dog breed to be recognized by the American Kennel Club in 2022. 
Paul McCartney of the Beatles recorded a high-pitched whistle at the end of “A Day in the Life” for his dog. 
Bella, Luna, Lucy, Milo and Max are among the most popular dog names. 
Spiked dog collars were used to protect dogs’ throats from wolf attacks in ancient Greece. 
Walt Disney’s family dog — named Sunnee — was the inspiration behind “Lady and the Tramp.” 
Teams of dogs compete for the fastest time without errors in Flyball races. 
A German Shepherd named Orient accompanied her blind owner Bill Irwin as he became the first blind person to through-hike the 2,100-mile Appalachian Trail in 1990. 
Chihuahuas are born with soft spots in their skulls, just like human babies. 
Mastiffs wore armor and were sent after mounted knights in Roman times. 
National Geographic’s Dr. Brady Barr measured a dog’s average bite force at 320 pounds of pressure per square inch. 
Dogs are mentioned in the Bible more than 35 times. 
Obesity is the top preventable health problem among dogs. 
Dachshunds were originally bred to fight badgers. 
President Theodore Roosevelt’s Bull Terrier Pete ripped the pants off French Ambassador Jules Jusserand. 
The Border Collie, Poodle and Golden Retriever are considered the world’s smartest dog breeds. 
Smaller breeds of dogs mature faster than larger breeds. 
Dogs have twice as many muscles to move their ears as humans, if you’re looking for fun facts about dogs! 
A dog pregnancy is between eight and nine weeks. 
The largest litter ever documented was 24 puppies, born via Cesarean to a Neapolitan Mastiff named Tia.. 
The Chihuahua was named for the state in northwestern Mexico where they were discovered. 
Dogs can be taught to count and solve simple math problems. 
With love and a little patience, dogs can learn to walk backwards. 
Pit bulls have been given a bad rap. BADRAP was started in the San Francisco Bay area on behalf of “pit bulls and their people” and was ranked nationally as a No. 1 high-impact nonprofit for animal welfare. 
Revolutionary War soldiers sometimes brought their dogs with them into battle. Such was the case with George Washington and his dog, Sweet Lips. 
The American Water Spaniel was the first hunting breed developed to retrieve from boats.