There is no Roman numeral for zero.
If 23 people are in the same room, there is a 50% chance that two people will have the same birthday.
'One Thousand' is the only number from 0 to 1000 that has an “a” in it.
Take any shape with the same perimeter, and a circle still possesses the largest area.
Every odd number has an ‘e’.
Among all the Shakespearean dramas, the word “Mathematics” only appears in the play called: “The Taming of the Shrew”.
The mathematical word “hundred” coins from “hundrath” which is an old Norse term that actually referred to a quantity of 120
You can use three geometric cuts to a cake and get 8 pieces.
William Shanks, a renowned Mathematician, spent a large part of his life calculating Mathematical constants and didn’t make a mistake until he reached the 528th digit.
On dice, opposite sides always add up to the number seven.
A standard piece of paper can only be folded seven times, however, according to mathematical theory, if you could fold a piece of paper in half 103 times its thickness would equal that of the observable universe.
If you started with a penny and doubled its value every day for just 30 days, you would have over $5,000,000 Million in the first month.
Zero was not even considered a number for the Ancient Greeks. However, they also questioned whether 1 was a number.
The number 1 is NOT prime number, as many people believe.
Paper sizes (A4, A3 etc.) are all based on a single aspect ratio of the square root of two.
The golden ratio between two quantities (such as lengths) often appears in nature and has been used throughout history to create aesthetically pleasing designs and art works such as Leonardo da Vinci’s Mona Lisa. It’s even used in analysing modern financial markets.
The four-second rule is the amount of time that internet user will wait for a page to load before leaving and going to another site.
A dollar bill can be double folded (forward and backwards) 4x103 times before it will tear.
Five baseball gloves can be made from one cow.
A specific fear of Friday the 13th is called paraskavedekatriaphobia or friggatriskaidekaphobiais the answer to the Ultimate Question of Life, the Universe, and Everything.
The name of the popular search engine ‘Google’ came from a misspelling of the word ‘googol’, which is a one followed by one hundred zeros.
A ‘googolplex’ is the number 1 followed by a googol zeros, a number so ridiculously big that it can’t be written because there literally isn't enough room in the entire universe to fit it in!
The symbol for Pi (π) has been in use for over 250 years. 
π was introduced by William Jones, a Welsh mathematician, in 1706.
π was made popular by the mathematician Leonhard Euler.
Since the exact value of π can never be calculated, we can never find the accurate area or circumference of a circle.
March 14 or 3/14 is celebrated as pi day because 3.14 are the first digits of π.
The record for reciting the most number of decimal places of π was achieved by Rajveer Meena at VIT University, Vellore, India on 21 March 2015. He was able to recite 70,000 decimal places while blindfolded.
People in Egypt believed that the pyramids of Giza were built on the principles of π.
The vertical height of the pyramids have the same relationship with the perimeter of their base as the relationship between a circle’s radius and its circumference.
Physicist Larry Shaw started celebrating 14 March as Pi day at San Francisco’s Exploratorium science museum. There he is known as the Prince of Pi.
There is an entire language made from the number Pi: πlish.
Pi wasn’t always known as pi. Before the 1700s, people referred to the number we know as pi as “the quantity which when the diameter is multiplied by it, yields the circumference”. 
The Welsh mathematician William Jones, a friend of Sir Isaac Newton, began using π for pi in 1706.
We will never be able to find all the digits of pi because of its very definition as an irrational number. 
Babylonian civilization used the fraction 3 ⅛ for π.
The ancient Chinese used the integer 3 for π.
By 1665, Isaac Newton calculated π to 16 decimal places.
In the early 1700s Thomas Lagney calculated 127 decimal places of π, reaching a new record.
In the second half of the twentieth century, the number of digits of π increased from about 2000 to 500,000 on the CDC 6600, one of the first computers ever made.
In 2017 when a Swiss scientist computed more than 22 trillion digits of π. The calculation took over a hundred days.
Some believe that tau (which amounts to 2π) is a better suited to circle calculations. For instance, you can multiply tau with the radius of a to calculate its circumference more intuitively. Tau/4 also represents the angle of a quarter of a circle.
In the Exploratorium science museum, a circular parade happens every year on pi day. Each person participating holds one digit in the number pi.
π wasn’t celebrated around the United States like it is now until Congress passed Resolution 224, which designated March 14th as pi day. Congress hoped that celebrating pi day would cultivate a higher level of enthusiasm for math and science among American students.
The calculation of π is a stress test for a computer. It works just like a digital cardiogram since it indicates the level of activity within the computer’s processor.
Givenchy sells a men’s cologne with the name ‘Pi’. The company markets this product as capable of enhancing the attractiveness of intelligent and visionary men.
In the famous O.J. Simpson trial, the defense attorney and FBI agent’s argument revolved around the value of π. The FBI agent’s findings in the case weren’t accurate because he used pi inaccurately.
In the 16th century, that Dutch-German mathematician Ludolph van Ceulen spent most of his life calculating the first 36 digits of pi. It is said that the first 36 numbers were engraved on his tombstone, which is now lost.
William Shanks, a British mathematician, worked manually to find the digits of pi , by hand and found the first 707 digits. Unfortunately, the 527th digit he found was wrong, which made all the following digits wrong as well.
123456 doesn’t appear anywhere in the first million digits of pi.
Chinese mathematicians were ahead in the π game because of two reasons: they had decimal notations and they had a symbol for the number zero.
It wasn’t until the late middle ages that European mathematicians partnered with Arab and Indian minds to bring the symbol of zero into their system.
In ancient times, mathematicians used a unique method to calculate π. They would add more and more sides to a polygon so that its area approached the area of a circle.
Archimedes, the most famous Greek mathematician and inventor, used a polygon with 96 sides to estimate π.
In China, a mathematician used over 3,000 sides in a polygon to arrive at the value 3.14159.
Many mathematicians believe that it is more accurate to say that a circle has infinite corners than it is to say that it has none.
In the year 2010, a Japanese engineer and an American computer wizard broke the record for the most number of π digits by calculating up to 5 trillion digits of π.
The Greek letter π is the first letter of the word periphery and perimeter. And as we all know, πis the ratio of a circle’s “periphery” to its diameter.
Albert Einstein was born on π day! March 14th, 1879.