Get two birds stoned at once
I'm not a pessimist, I'm an optometrist
One man's garbage is another man person's good ungarbage
It's all water under the fridge
What comes around is all around
I mean how many fathers can give a nine-year-old daughter a car? I'm just happy I'm in a position where I can do something like that.
I try to be a role model for kids around the park. If some kid wants to grow dope, they can come talk to me, instead of growing dope 6 or 7 times through denial and error, they're going to get it right the first time and have some good dope.
Make like a tree and fuck off.
I love all creatures like gophers and deerts, and those things that fly and everything else, but fuck seagulls. I got no time for those cocksuckers.
Don't you have some offs to fuck there, boys?
Fuck, I missed jail this year. Was it awesome?
A link is only as long as your longest strong chain.
The thing with kids and growings and getting learnings and stuff is that... You can't lie to them. Basically, if you wanna tell the children they can't do something they're gonna want to do it more. When I was young I did all kinds of crazy sh*t and I turned out wicked. That's because my dad was f*ckin' cool, he let me do sh*t.
I mean, nobody wants to admit they ate nine cans of ravioli, but I did. I'm ashamed of myself. The first can doesn't count, then you get to the second and third, fourth and fifth I think I burnt with the blowtorch, and then I just kept eatin'.
The thing is when you're shopping for a ring you gotta take your time because you know it's my wife we're talking about. She's not gonna be wearing one of those Cubic Zarcarbian things, she's gotta have a nice ring.
You know what Randy, you're totally right and you know what I'm gonna do for ya? Jack shit.
I don't do as much coke as you do. We're not on the same wavelength.
We got this plutonium kind of love shit going and I don't wanna fuck that up, all right.
Worst case Ontario.
It’s not rocket appliances.
He passed with flying carpets.
Survival of the fitness, boys.
Hit ‘em with everything we caught.
Beauty is in the eye when you hold her.
Don’t judge a cover of a book by its look.
Make like a tree and fuck off.
I must be like a superhero or something.
I’m not going to put my dad in jeopardization.
I just wanna get drunk and eat chicken fingers.
Lucy, I’ll be a better father than you will ever be.
I’ve met cats and dogs smarter than Trevor and Cory.
It’s gonna happen anyway whether you are or you’re not.
Unleaded tastes a little tangy. Supreme is kinda sour, and diesel tastes pretty good.
The thing is, in order to stop breakin’ the law is we gotta break the law just for a couple of minutes, and then we’re gonna be done, retired.
I'd like to make a request under the Peoples Freedom of Choices and Voices Act that I be able to smoke and swear in your courtroom.
Let's go, smokes.
My first order of business is to tell the prosecutor to shut the fuck up, and wipe that stupid fucking grin off his face cause it's distraculating my case.
Trinity, how many times does daddy need to tell you, you can't play with his handgun, okay?
Look, I can't speak without swearing. And I've only got my grade 10. And I haven't had a cigarette since I've been arrested. And I'm ready to fuckin' snap.
You're prostituting yourself out for cheeseburgers again, aren't you?
You know, your thoughts might be better than mine but I have thoughts going around in my head too about different thinkings and brain things that you can use... and doing different things... and I think I know what's best for my daughter. So fuck off and let me fix the brakes for my daughter and then I'll help you with the hash. You guys don't always know what's best. My fuckin' thoughts have feelings of their own too sometimes.
I gotta kill this puppet, Julian.
What do you mean? It's shitty work. Everybody does that, all right? Carpenters, electricians, dishwashers, floor cleaners, lawyers, doctors, fuckin' politicians, CBC employees, principals, people who paint the lines on the fuckin' roads, get stoned, it'll be fun, get to work!
Julian, I don't fuckin' know where it is. It was grade 6. I was drunk.